questions.md, before:

# Swift Navigation Application Questions

You've reached this page from http://jobs.lever.co/swift-nav. As part of submitting your application form, please include an answer to this question.

## Software, Product, and Embedded Engineering Candidates

In the programming language of your choice, write a program generating the first n Fibonacci numbers F(n), printing
- "Buzz" when F(n) is divisible by 3.
- "Fizz" when F(n) is divisible by 5.
- "FizzBuzz" when F(n) is divisible by 15.
- "BuzzFizz" when F(n) is prime.
- the value F(n) otherwise.

We encourage you to compose your code for this question in a way that represents the quality of code you produce in the workplace - e.g. tests, documentation, linting, dependency management (though there's no need to go [this far](https://github.com/EnterpriseQualityCoding/FizzBuzzEnterpriseEdition/)).

Please upload your code to GitHub or bitbucket and post a link to the repo or gist as your answer in the Lever form. 

## Estimation Candidates

How do you test decide whether a given set of real-valued observations are drawn from a Gaussian distribution? Given a streaming time series of real-valued, scalar observations, describe an online algorithm for determining a linear Gaussian model of these observations as a function of time step.

## GNSS Candidates

Explain, briefly, the main error terms contributing to positioning error in GPS satellite navigation. How are these eliminated in differential GPS? What error sources remain?

Commit message:

make it clearer that candidates are only supposed to answer one question

questions.md, after:

# Swift Navigation Application Questions

You've reached this page from http://jobs.lever.co/swift-nav. As part of submitting your application form, please answer the question below that corresponds to the role you are applying for.

## Software, Product, and Embedded Engineering Candidates

In the programming language of your choice, write a program generating the first n Fibonacci numbers F(n), printing
- "Buzz" when F(n) is divisible by 3.
- "Fizz" when F(n) is divisible by 5.
- "FizzBuzz" when F(n) is divisible by 15.
- "BuzzFizz" when F(n) is prime.
- the value F(n) otherwise.

We encourage you to compose your code for this question in a way that represents the quality of code you produce in the workplace - e.g. tests, documentation, linting, dependency management (though there's no need to go [this far](https://github.com/EnterpriseQualityCoding/FizzBuzzEnterpriseEdition/)).

Please upload your code to GitHub or bitbucket and post a link to the repo or gist as your answer in the Lever form. 

## Estimation Candidates

How do you test decide whether a given set of real-valued observations are drawn from a Gaussian distribution? Given a streaming time series of real-valued, scalar observations, describe an online algorithm for determining a linear Gaussian model of these observations as a function of time step.

## GNSS Candidates

Explain, briefly, the main error terms contributing to positioning error in GPS satellite navigation. How are these eliminated in differential GPS? What error sources remain?
